SmartWatches are expensive I mean think
about it you've already paid a lot for
your phone and then you're expected to
spend hundreds more to get a smartwatch
where half of the functions are still
tied to that phone it's kind of
ridiculous which is why I'm excited that
cmf a budget brand from nothing the guys
who made the nothing phone have come out
with a budget Smartwatch a a watch Pro
two there was a first version but it
never saw release in North America and
they're coming back strong with a bit of
a different look I mean probably pretty
generic when it comes to you know
watches but compared to the Square apple
watches look of their previous model I
like the look of this a lot more and
inside they don't really have much else
other than a charger with USB
a okay sure and it also has a magnetic
charger with Pogo pins that attaches to
the bottom there already I wish this was
like a cradle kind of like the pixel
watch where you can just kind of place
your watch in there in almost any
orientation this requires you to not not
only make sure that you have this facing
the right way but also the Watch The
Wire has to come out of the left side or
else it's going to be it's not going to
connect properly hopefully you won't
have to charge it very often because
they're claiming up to 9 days of heavy
use what heavy use constitutes I'm not
sure it comes with a silicon strap which
is pretty sporty but it does come with
other strap options one thing I already
like is that it's using a standard mount
for the strap the frame itself is made
with an aluminum alloy and comes with a
nice little crown the Red Dot on the
crown is very reminiscent of other
nothing branded kind of stuff as well as
on the bezel you can see the like dot
matrix kind of font for the cmf thing
and by nothing I think that's a nice
little detail on the back we have a
bunch of biometric sensors I think
they're mostly focused around heart rate
and SP2 we have a speaker in here some
microphones you can take calls on this
and one cool thing about this is that
the bezel is
replaceable like that cmf is planning to
offer a few different varieties your
bezels like to get scuffed because it is
kind of supposed to protect the screen
so if it gets you know scraped or stuff
you can still have a clean looking watch
speaking of the screen it is a 1.32 in
AMOLED display with a resolution of 466
X 466 and it can get up to 620 nits of
peak brightness which is pretty good
just kind of looking side by side with
my pixel watch which I really like the
size of I don't have particularly large
wrists it is a little bit taller few
couple millimeters taller but not so bad
it's not so bulky um I think that the uh
hard edges make it look a little bit
bigger compared to say something like
the massive Apple watch Ultra which just
looks Gigantic on a lot of different
arms I'm not a huge fan of the placement
of the crown it's a little close to the
lugs I guess is what they're called um
which means that if you have like bigger
fingers it's kind of tricky to get
multiple fingers in there if you really
need to if you really need to spin there
is haptic feedback when I scroll through
this list and it um feel very good it
feels very cheap and there's also like
kind of a cheap rattly noise
it just it just sounds it's not very
robust and now that we've covered
everything on the outside let's talk
about the software that's on the inside
after this message from our sponsor
thanks to EO maker for sponsoring
today's video their Galaxy 80 designed
in collaboration with fcker is a premium
tkl mechanical keyboard without the
premium price it combines a full
aluminum alloy shell ergonomically
curved key caps and a whole slew of foam
and padding to bring a full-blown
sensory experience when typing and of
course it still has the awesome features
you'd expect like a hot swappable PCB
south facing RGB and options for Wired
and wireless connections check them out
at the link in the description down
below take a look at that that's the
default watch face on it you can see the
outdoor temperature steps calories one
thing I wish is that these were actually
um buttons to get to like different
widgets like I wish I could go to my
podometer app or my weather app or my
clock app however it seems that I have
to press the crown to navigate to the
menu and then navigate to that app from
my understanding they have a custom
operating system but it seems very
similar to were OS which is great cuz I
like we OS we have Quick Settings at the
top we have notifications if we swipe up
we can uh go to widgets on the sides and
stuff like that one thing I do notice is
that you can see that um the bezels even
though they have this nice bezel that
you remove you don't actually go all the
way to the edge with the screen on the
inside I kind of wish that because they
had the option of making this little
bezel go over top that we didn't have to
have this big extra bezel on the bottom
you know and they got a ton of watch
faces apparently 100 of them
multifunction this looks like my kind of
thing I like seeing all of my info in
one quick go we've heard from owners of
their last watch that the app can tend
to be a little bit buggy but so far it
looks okay one thing you should note is
that since this isn't a wear OS watch
there's no extra apps that you can
download if you say have a specific app
that you want to use like I like using
say straa you are stuck with the
whatever cmf gives you however this does
have integration with straa as well as
Apple health and Health Connect which
will allow you to kind of transfer the
data from this to pretty much any other
app in the Health Connect ecosystem so
stuff like Fitbit or a lot of dieting
apps like my fitness pal basically
that's kind of the API that you can send
everything to and get your data between
whatever apps you want to use one thing
that I care about is actually heart rate
detection I have atrial fibrillation
which means my heart doesn't really beat
properly all the time when I'm having a
an episode with apib I like to be able
to track it on my watch cuz then I can
send it to my doctor and we can keep
track of uh exactly what kind of rhythms
are happening this is not rated by the
FDA to track apib but it does have
arhythmia notification so if it senses
in a regular heartbeat it will note it
honestly it's a pretty robust app run
tracking GPS all of that stuff GPS on
device by the way not through your phone
you don't need to run with your phone to
track GPS but let's quickly go through a
lot of the other features they have they
have 120 different uh exercise modes
including jet skiing the one that I'm
always doing it's ip68 water resistant
which isn't quite good enough for say
like swimming they have like a smart
movement algorithm that they claim can
measure the effectiveness training load
and recovery time I could see maybe
recovery time if they're just kind of
gauging by your heart rate but any sort
of motion tracking that I done on
SmartWatches in the past in terms of
like working out at the gym they don't
really help you at all but all of that
stuff comes in at a price of $69 which
is great honestly that's cheaper than
any Fitbit you're like competing with
like a lot of the Chinese uh Brands like
tick watch or Amaze fit and I think
you're getting a pretty solid experience
and you're going to be backed by a
company that's a a little bit more
familiar in the western territories now
I would need to spend a little bit more
time to make sure that all of the apps
that are default work smoothly but this
is kind of what I want I don't need a do
everything Smartwatch I want something
that can give me notifications that can
track my fitness and this does
everything and it does it just so much
cheaper than other major brands and it
makes me wonder why these other brands
aren't even trying to make something
good at this price point I think they
did a great job thanks for watching this
short circuit if you like this video why
don't you learn about a more premium
offering the pixel Watch 2 James did a
great job on that video I'm so proud of
him